{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I stopped outside the door to the chamber and leaned against the wall, pressing my forehead to the cool stone. I tried to quell the tremors throughout my body, and tried hopelessly to wet my lips with a mouth long gone bone dry.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No apprentice knew what the Harrowing entailed; it was a closely guarded secret among the Magi of the Circle. However, only those who passed the test were ever seen again. I did not know what happened to those who failed, whether they were sent away in disgrace, or killed on the spot, or anything in between\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 but the not-knowing shook me to my core. Far too many of the men and women I had grown up with had entered through these doors, and never walked back out of them again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A part of my did not want to go in. While I still stood on this side of those imposing stone doors, I could still back out. Not that there were many options for me if I did\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 the Circle did not tolerate apprentices refusing the Harrowing for long, once called. It brought suspicion down upon you. You either went through with your Harrowing, or - if you were simply too afraid - you underwent the Rite of Tranquility. I shuddered slightly, unable to help recalling Owain\u8217\'92s flat, emotionless voice. I did not want to have all my emotions, the essence of what made me who I was, stripped from me. The only other options were to be cut down by the Templars, or to escape somehow and become apostate. Which, eventually, amounted to the same thing, only with far more risk to those around you in the meantime. Truly, the last option held the least allure of all to me. I think I would rather become a Tranquil than an apostate; I knew most mages chafed at the restrictions, but I welcomed the watchful vigilance of the Chantry. I never wanted to be a danger to those around me, and knowing that there were those who dedicated themselves to ensuring that never happened was a comfort to me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I drew in a deep, shaky breath. I had been preparing for this moment since I had been taken from the Alienage for showing signs of budding magic. I had lived nearly all my life in the tower, studying and training. Pushing away from the wall, I laid a tentative hand on the door. It was time. I might be afraid, but I would not back down. It was my duty to the Circle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I gave a firm push. Though they looked heavy and ponderous, the doors swung open easily and quietly. They were well constructed and well maintained, as was the rest of the tower. Flimsy work would never stand up to the sheer concentration of magical practice that took place within these walls.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I stepped forth into the room with a great deal more confidence than I truly felt, and the heads of all those within turned to me as I did so.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, Arenas, you\u8217\'92ve finally joined us. We\u8217\'92ve been waiting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I bowed low, hands clasped tightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am sorry to have kept you, First Enchanter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s alright boy, I understand.\u8221\'94 First Enchanter Irving\u8217\'92s eyes were piercing as they looked me up and down, as if my body were no impediment to his sight, allowing him to stare into my very soul. I swallowed convulsively. Indeed, it was easy to imagine that he knew exactly what had kept me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, well, you\u8217\'92re here now, so I expect no more dawdling,\u8221\'94 came the booming voice of Knight-Commander Greagoir. \u8220\'93Step forward, apprentice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I did as I was bid, quickly. I looked around the room, hoping for some hint as to what was to come, but it was very sparse. The only furnishing was a stone basin on a pedestal in the middle of the room. The air above it shimmered faintly, however, and I thought I could feel the hum of lyrium in the air.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is expected of me?\u8221\'94 I asked, looking back and forth between the grim faces before me. They held no reassurance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are to enter the Fade. The lyrium required to allow your journey has already been prepared,\u8221\'94 Irving began, a hand waving at the basin. \u8220\'93You will go alone, and unarmed. Once there, you will confront a demon. If you defeat the demon, you will be successful, and you will become a full fledged Circle Mage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you fail\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 He glanced aside at the two Templar standing ready. \u8220\'93Then we shall deal with the demon accordingly when it leaves the Fade.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Into me,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  I realised with a jolt. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what they meant. I was to face a demon, alone, and everyone in this room knew that if my will was not strong enough, I would become an abomination, and need to be cut down. I couldn\u8217\'92t help glancing aside at the two Templar as well.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85 I understand, First Enchanter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Irving closed the distance between us, then, putting a hand on my shoulder as he lead me towards the basin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Remember, boy, the Fade is a place of dreams. While demons might rule there, your own will is also a very real thing in that place,\u8221\'94 he continued in a low tone. \u8220\'93Keep your wits about you, always.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First Enchanter Irving,\u8221\'94 Greagoir said in a warning tone. \u8220\'93He is to complete the trial }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 alone}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The glance Irving next directed at the Templar seemed to border on mutinous, but he acquiesced and stepped back from me, leaving me to stand alone before the basin. Personally, I felt that I understood the Knight-Commander\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s insistence. I knew the purpose of the Harrowing now. I had to prove to them that I was safe, that I could be trusted. I would not always have the First Enchanter hovering over me to make sure that was the case. It also put the views that many full mages held regarding the Templars in perspective; to prove oneself so thoroughly, and yet still be constantly questioned\u8230\'85 I could see how it might begin to chafe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I forced myself not to glance back at the Templars again, instead keeping my eyes to the floor, inspecting the ornately carved circle on the ground that surrounded the basin as I stepped onto it. For as long as possible I also kept my eyes off the lyrium, though I felt its presence through the entire of my being, in a hum that snatched my breath away. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Control.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I finally looked up as I stood right before the basin. This close, the presence of so much lyrium was overwhelming. It drew me in, the world narrowing around me until it encompassed nothing else as I put my hands over the basin. I inhaled deeply, and dizziness overtook me as everything went black.}}