{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My head throbbed faintly as I came to again. I groaned, holding my head as I sat up. After a few moments, the pain passed, and I cracked open my eyes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The landscape around me was barren and surreal. The ground felt like a sort of dusty stone, gritty and hard, yet at the same time with more give than any stone I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d felt before. The surface, whatever it was made of, stretched out before me in undulating waves of mottled brown before disappearing into the fog in the distance. Spurs of something blackened burst from the surface to form strange, twisting structures, and what appeared to be the remnants granite stonework dotted the area haphazardly. One such was right next to me, a broken pillar that reached to waist height. I used it to help myself to a standing position, and found it indistinguishable from the ground to the touch.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I tried to take stock of my surroundings, but it was difficult. The area around me seemed clear, solid, and free of fog. However, perhaps a dozen paces away, my vision was obscured by thick fog. From what little I could made out past the shifting wisps, the landscape itself seemed to waver.}}